when I sleep I dream I don't want to
dream something happen out there in the
desert that night during that mission
and it's not what we thought it was and
it happened on my watch
we've been down this road with you
before yeah no no sir not this road son
sure you ever dream about Kuwait DeMarco
how much do you actually know about your
friend I served under him he was a good
man that's what the neighbors always say
about serial killers somebody put an
implant inside me I got a good feelin a
put one in you two you need to get help
I'm not crazy Shaw Raymond this is JB
Johnson of Manchurian global were strong
supporters but a flick force which we
can adjust character change personality
these are not supposed to exist Raymond
Prentiss sure listen
this is a cool this is rich people on
these bad science to put a sleeper in
the White House among the shareholders
in Manchurian global you would find
former presidents supposed kings I get
it they're big they're Hugh can you
bring me rumors and conjecture I started
with nightmares ruins conjectures that's
a giant leap forward somebody got into
our heads
neurons got got got exposed and circuits
got rewired I think you should leave no
any doing I gotta find out what's gonna
happen where it's gonna happen he's
delusional you swore to me that this was
failsafe no leaks no glitches I will do
whatever is necessary to protect my son
we're gonna stop the same take them out
you don't think they factored you in
hello captain do you remember me
believe me help me oh shoot me
[Music]